take a pic of all those wounds take it
make sure daddy yeah I'll to tell the
story what happened you can take you can
take your knife out of your mouth now
he'll tell them the story me and daddy
will fight a student we so down where
will we ride we were right into the
house was it a good choice no bad shoes
how got it we fall anyway what happened
my dad's going slowly got the bike it
started wobbling and then it suddenly
tipped over and we fell off the bike
well there are a lot of blood yes ok I
couldn't even walk all right I'm just a
picture of my froggy at me
did it hurt OH get it hurt all over what
your fault mr. stuffing to go away can
we let the truck good job shit goodbye
true but you okay boy ah let me go back
now hold your froggy now we got the
Opera now okay you should probably pause
till we get them all fixed up yeah yeah
I know straight enough so straight okay
I'm gonna get this time well I gotta get
it uncovered okay strain
how do you clean it off like this hey
daddy daddy hmm daddy you know um use
the tape keep it right there keep it our
all around I think that's her
does that feel hmm the stuff that
doesn't make it sting Oh this boat vitac
budget like you mine and we're gonna
scrape your frog you are brave boy let's
let that dry the game is turning off any